A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar? They each got six months.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? By searching for fresh prints.
The circus came to town. It was in tents.
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here, I'll go on a head.
What do you call a fish without an eye? Fsh.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? An investigator.
What does a ghost wear when it's raining outside? Booooooooots.
What is green and has four wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What's black and bad for your teeth? A bowling ball.
What's blue and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket. What's red and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket in disguise.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What's the difference between an onion and an oboe? No one cries when you chop up an oboe.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was two-tired.
Why did the sailor ground his son? His grades were below sea level.
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why does a chicken coop always have 2 doors? Because if it had 4 doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why does a moon rock taste better than an Earth rock? Because it's a little meteor.
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft? A flat miner.
The Earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue.
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 m.p.h.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The penguin is the only bird who can swim, but not fly.
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
Your foot and forearm are the same length.
The bloodhound is the only animal whose evidence is admissible in an American court.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
Lincoln Logs were invented by Frank Lloyd Wright's son.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money printed throughout the world.
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Polar Bears trying to blend in with the ice will sometimes cover up their black nose with their paws.
"Typewriter" is the longest word that can be typed using only the top line of keys on the keyboard.
Since 1896, the beginning of the modern Olympics, only Greece and Australia have participated in every Games.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle, G.P.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
The infinity sign is called a lemniscate.
Time slows down near a black hole and stops completely once inside.
Camel's milk does not curdle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil.
The common honeybee kills more people each year than all poisonous snakes combined.
Venus is the only planet in our solar system that spins backwards.
A hard-boiled egg will spin. An uncooked or soft-boiled egg will not.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA."
95% of people feel uncomfortable when the TV volume is an odd number.
The dot above the"i" is called a tittle.
The US is the leading producer of strawberries, providing 20% of the world's supply.
The Amazon rainforest produces half of the world's oxygen supply.
Months that start on a Sunday always have a Friday the 13th.
To help themselves dive deeper, crocodiles swallow rocks.
A moment is a unit of time measuring one and a half minutes.
Mercury is the only metal that is liquid at room temperature.
A "Greek Church" is a split that leaves three pins on one side of the lane and two on the other.
A 2-7-10 or 3-7-10 Split is called a "Christmas Tree."
A 292 is the rarest score.
A 3-10 or 2-7 Split is known as either a "Baby Split" or a "Little Murphy."
A 4-6-7-10 Split is called "Big Ears."
A 5-10 split is know as a "Woolworth," and is named after the "five & dime" store.
A 5-7-10 Split is called a "Lily" or a "Sour Apple."
A 7-10 Split is the hardest shot in Bowling and is referred to as "Bedposts," "Fenceposts," or "Snake Eyes."
A 7-8-10 or 7-9-10 Split is called "Grandma's Teeth.
A bowling ball impacts the lane with a force of 1800 lbs. per square inch.
A bowling ball may have up to 7 holes - 5 for gripping, 1 for ventilation, and 1 for balance.
A Wombat is a spare that is picked up after first rolling a gutter ball.
Bowling alternating strikes and spares for each frame in a game is known as a "Dutch 200."
Bowling balls were made of wood until the early 1900s.
Bowling pins are made from hard maple wood.
During the 1960's, several sports legends including Stan Musial, Yogi Berra, and Mickey Mantle opened bowling centers.
Each pin is 12 inches from its neighbor.
Rolling a ball between two pins is known as a "Jack Manders," named for the former Chicago Bears field goal kicker.
Splitsville Lanes in Tampa, Florida is home to the world's largest bowling pin.
The first indoor bowling lanes were built in New York City in 1840.
The first recorded indoor bowling match was played at Knickerbocker Alleys in New York City on January 1, 1840
The height of a pin is 15 inches.
The Inazawa Grand Bowl in Japan is the largest bowling center in the world - 116 lanes.
The length of a lane from foul line to head pin is 60 feet.
There are 459 different split combinations.
There is no minimum weight for a bowling ball.
Three Splits in a row is called a "Turkey Buzzard."
Bowling is the #1 participation sport in America
Professional bowler Don Carter was the first athlete to land a million dollar endorsement.
Bill Allen was the first bowler to be inducted into the PBA hall of fame.
Automatic pin setters were introduced in 1952. Until then, pins were reset by hand.
There are 39 boards on each lane.
Bowling burns 100 calories per hour.
Bowling three games is the equivalent of walking one mile.
Bowling is the fastest-growing high school varsity sport.
Football Hall of Famer Lynn Swann is also in the Bowling Hall of Fame.
The fifth frame is known as the "Beer Frame." Typically, the person with the lowest score buys a round.
A "Strikeout" is three strikes in the tenth frame.
Rolling three consecutive spares is called a "Chicken."
The oldest known historical trace of bowling dates back to 3200 B.C. in Egypt.
A bowling ball has a circumference of 27 inches.
On a proper strike, the ball only comes into contact with 4 pins.
The surface of the lane is level to within 40/1000th of an inch.
The width of the lane is 41 inches excluding the gutters.
A bowling pin weighs 3 lbs. 10 oz.
In 1967, Jack Biondolillo was the first PBA Bowler to bowl a perfect game on national TV.
Earl Anthony holds the PBA record for most titles with 44.
The National Bowling Stadium is located in Reno, Nevada.
The USBC Open Championship is the world's largest annual sporting event.